feat(Forms): add `autoPushWhen` property to Iterate.PushContainer (#3876)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/PushContainer/demos.mdx

### With existing data

<Examples.ViewAndEditContainer />

### Auto push

> This example makes use of the `autoPushWhen` prop. It automatically pushes a new item when a field inside the container is changed. You can use this feature only with a single toggle-able field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example makes use of the `autoPushWhen` prop. It automatically pushes a new item when a field inside the container is changed. You can use this feature only with a single toggleable field.
```
